We also have important implications regarding posting remember hoisting referred to the fact that I
could set something like this.
I could set my age to 27 and then I could print my age and I could find that there after a like this
or declare it like this.
If I had run this would work.
Now let's see if it all works if I use LET.
What do you think will happen.
I had run well since I was asking like this you probably expected this result we're getting an error
.
So the hoisting of the variables were flat or Konst doesn't work the way it works with var.
We have to declare our variable before actually initializing it.
And this certainly is a good behavior because there really wasn't any big advantage of the old approach
of pulling everything up at the top and therefore probably leading to bad code.
Are you forgetting something it's better to get a clear error or if you forget Dijk declaration before
the initialization.
So if I ran this code while we see 27 so this works and again I think this is change that really makes
sense.
What of course still will work is if we have a function do something.
And here we for example have our h variable set to 27 and then I have
at age
like this.
Now I call doing something and I log age.
But you think will happen.
I had run I get 27 so here it does work because actually it is declared because before it is used as
I'm calling the function after declaring the variable and the function is to place where I use the variable
.
So therefore this is a valid approach and this will work.
But if you really think about it as I just mentioned it works that way the same way as before it is
declared before it's been used.
And that is the core thing to keep in mind.
You have to declare things for actually using them